this has been a big leak for the
president he declared victory against
Isis and he told supporters he won the
war on Christmas - he won two wards this
week and of course the liberal media
doesn't report it because all they want
to do is tear him down children need to
know that this president is fighting for
their favorite holiday and with that
said I am very pleased to present this
soon-to-be best-selling book this is
called how the Trump saved Christmas
and would you like me would you care me
to read it to you there we go the Trump
hated Christmas like he hated Don Lemon
like he hates Robert Muller and people
in Yemen no one quite knows why he's mad
this whole season his dad didn't love
him that could be a reason it might have
been fueled by this early all right or
just that his pants are four sizes too
tiny
whatever the cause is his dad or his
pants his outbursts on Twitter in
capitalised rants there's a war on
Christmas he'd send with a sneer to make
Magga hat wearers recoil with fear it's
not that he cared one way or the other
it's a hot-button issue that upsets your
grandmother if the Islamic sand liberals
get their own way they'll outlaw Merry
Christmas the Trump he would say they'll
say season's greetings like we're all
godless losers and forced us to
celebrate Hanukkah Kwanzaa Palooza as
well this made the Trump angry he'd had
quite enough of inclusive non
Christmassy holiday stuff so he iced up
his bone spurs and readied for war
unlike Vietnam half a century before if
I'm powerful enough to stare in an
eclipse I can put Merry Christmas on
everyone's lips
then he shouted and bellowed that
Santa's in danger and that Nancy Pelosi
will burn down the manger then suddenly
it was over and he put it in writing
that he'd won this big war no one knew
we were fighting he bragged to his
followers on Fox and on friends that
it's safe to go say Merry Christmas
again
he claimed he beats Starbucks he tore
them to pieces they printed up cups that
said happy birthday to Jesus and that's
how the Trump saved Christmas for all
from the American heartland to the
Mexican wall
so the next time you hear happy holiday
say wrong Merry Christmas the American
Way
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel I hope you enjoyed
that video hit subscribe and all your
dreams will come true assuming your
dreams are to watch more YouTube videos